---
description: See what's new on v2.0.0
---

# ⭐ v2.0.0

**Jump to:** [<mark style="color:green;">ADDED</mark>](v2.0.0.md#added), [<mark style="color:blue;">CHANGED</mark>](v2.0.0.md#changed), [<mark style="color:red;">REMOVED</mark>](v2.0.0.md#removed)

{% hint style="success" %}
#### ADDED <a href="#added" id="added"></a>
{% endhint %}

### Updater

Since this version brings many changes in terms of configuration, I've made a small program that will convert your files (config.yml, limits.yml and vouchers.yml) to the new format, including strings that use the legacy format (`&`) to [MiniMessage](https://docs.adventure.kyori.net/minimessage).

### MiniMessage

Every string and message supports [MiniMessage](https://docs.adventure.kyori.net/minimessage). Legacy strings (including `&` color codes) were deprecated for a long time, and is better to move one to a more modern system. With MiniMessage, you can add everything you want to any message: click events, hover, hex & gradient (<mark style="color:blue;">1.14.4+</mark>).

### Voucher Settings

#### Bind to receiver

Make the voucher usable only by the player who received it

```yaml
bindToReceiver:
  enabled: true
  message: '<red>You can not use this voucher, it belongs to {player}!</red>'
```

#### Cooldown

Put the voucher on a cooldown after each usage (e.g. allow them to use the voucher once a day)

```yaml
cooldown:
  enabled: true
  cooldown: 1d
  message: '<red>You can use this voucher again in {left}</red>'
```

#### Limit for bulk open

Limit how many vouchers can be opened at a time.

```yaml
bulkOpen:
  enabled: true
  limit: 5
```

#### Regex for 'regions' and 'worlds'

Since some servers might have different regions / worlds that follow a format, it is much easier to use a [RegEx ](https://www.w3schools.com/java/java\_regex.asp)expression than to list all of them. These options can be combined with normal strings.\
Examples:

* `regex:player_world_.+` - match all worlds that start with `player_world_`
* `regex:mine-\w+` - match all regions that start with `mine-`

```yaml
worlds:
  whitelist:
    list:
    - spawn
    - regex:player_world_.+
    message: '<red>This voucher can only be used at spawn or on a player world.<red>'
```

#### Regions

Allow or disallow players to use vouchers based on the region they are standing on.\
This function require [WorldGuard ](https://dev.bukkit.org/projects/worldguard)6.x.x or 7.x.x.

```yaml
regions:
  whitelist:
    list: [boss-spawn-region]
    #
    # This message will be sent to players that attempt to redee the voucher
    # but they are not standing inside 'boss-spawn-region'
    #
    message: '<red>The boss can not be spawned here!</red>'
```

#### World blacklist

Previously it was only possible to whitelist certain worlds, now you can also blacklist them.

```yaml
worlds:
  blacklist:
    list: [world_nether]
    message: '<red>You can not use the voucher in world {world}</red>'
```

#### Message types

By default, all voucher related messages are sent in chat, but you can specify the type of each of them individually by adding a prefix before the actual message.

* `ACTION_BAR;<message>`&#x20;
* `CHAT;<message>`&#x20;
* `TITLE;<title>[n]<subtitle`

#### Sounds

Play a sound when the voucher is received / redeemed, when it is on cooldown, when the limit was reached, etc. More info can be found [**here**](configuration/vouchers.yml.md#soundobject).

### NBT

Go beyond available customization options for voucher items with NBT tags.

{% content-ref url="configuration/vouchers-nbt.json.md" %}
[vouchers-nbt.json.md](configuration/vouchers-nbt.json.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

### Bulk actions

A separated list of actions used when the player redeem multiple vouchers at once, use `%amount%` for actions to access the amount of vouchers used. If your actions don't fit this system (e.g. you use a command that must be executed n times) leave this list empty and the plugin will execute the `actions` n times (n = amount of vouchers).

```yaml
actions:
  - '[addmoney] 5000'
bulkActions:
  #
  # We multiply 5000 by %amount% to calculate the new amount of money that
  # will be given, depending on how many vouchers the player has redeem
  #
  - '[addmoney] math:{5000 * %amount%}'
```

### More skull texture options

The texture was moved to its own setting, `texture`, and now you can use: player names, [Head Database](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/head-database.14280/) IDs or texture. Info about how to use each of them can be found [here](configuration/vouchers.yml.md#texturestring).

```yaml
texture: BASE64;eyJ0ZXh0dXJlcyI6eyJTS0lOIjp7InVybCI6Imh0dHA6Ly90ZXh0dXJlcy5taW5lY3JhZnQubmV0L3RleHR1cmUvZGNlYjE3MDhkNTQwNGVmMzI2MTAzZTdiNjA1NTljOTE3OGYzZGNlNzI5MDA3YWM5YTBiNDk4YmRlYmU0NjEwNyJ9fX0=
texture: HDB;21899
texture: PLAYER;MHF_Chest
```

### Usages command

Previously, it was impossible to edit or view the usages of a voucher in-game. Now, you can use the `/av usages` command to do so.

* **/av usages \[voucher] check (player)** - Check the usages of a voucher
* **/av usages \[voucher] modify \[value] (player)** - Modify the usages of a voucher
* **/av usages \[voucher] set \[value] (player)** - Set the usages of a voucher

{% hint style="info" %}
#### CHANGED
{% endhint %}

* `display_name` was renamed to `name`
* Usages are now stored on a [SQLite ](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)database instead of a simple, YAML file
* `[actionbar]` was replaced by `[message]` with `ACTION_BAR` type ([see](actions/#message))
* `[broadcast]` and `[permissionbroadcast]` were replaced by `[message]` with [broadcast property](actions/properties.md#broadcast)
* The volume and pitch for `[sound]` are now [properties](actions/properties.md) instead of action arguments
* Skull texture was moved to its own setting called `texture`&#x20;
* The format for arguments was changed from `{args[n]}` to `%args[n]%`&#x20;
* \---

{% hint style="danger" %}
#### REMOVED
{% endhint %}

* The GUI for `/av list` was removed, at least for moment
* `[json]` - [MiniMessage ](https://docs.adventure.kyori.net/minimessage)is a better replacement
* `[centermessage]` and `[centerbroadcast]` - the system used wasn't working if the player had a different chat width so I decided to remove them, could still be achieved with a plugin like [RawMsg](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/rawmsg.35864/)
